
Why do you want to be a data scientist/analyst?

For the majority of my life I've known I wanted to get into science. It started as a desire to become
a Physicist when I was in middle school. Since then, I have pursued a PhD. in Physics, which I am about to achieve.
Along the way, I picked up computational skills by primarily coding in Python. Learning these skills made me realize
that I enjoy the computational or applied science version of Physics more than pure theory. Because of this
I had the epiphany that I do not actually like academia as much as I believe I would enjoy industry; to be honest, 
I think that the setting does not entirely matter, as I am more interested in finding unique and exciting challenges. 

Why do you want to work at this company?

I am a sucker for complex, challenging problems. In fact I would say that they are one of the main motivating factors
behind my decision to become a data scientist. I believe that I possess the skills and knowledge to enable myself and others to succeed. 
I believe that this position presents a unique opportunity to apply my creativity to yield unique solutions. It also allows me to learn and train myself 
in the machine learning and deep learning algorithms that I find so interesting. Lastly, I feel that this position allows me to make an impact
on peoples lives in a truly positive manner. 

Tell me about a time you had to handle a conflict with your colleagues.

The only conflicts that really occur in academia are scientific disagreements 
in regards to research. Sometimes these conflicts are semantic in nature. Other times
they are with respect to how something was formulated or calculated. Typically, even a "heated"
moment is simply colleagues clashing with ideas, a process which is crucial to science. In this regard,
I thin that the only conflict resolution I have ever undertaken is to take a few steps back and more thoroughly
explain my point of view. In science, it is key to be open to new ideas, or facts that you may have been unaware of.
Therefore, it is good to listen to others to validate your results. Unfortunately, people get rather upset
when you present an idea that may conflict with their research, or the status quo to be more broad. Because of this,
it is also important to defend your ideas from criticism unless, as previously mentioned, there is something that has been
over looked. 